just a quick a couple of reminders
before we get started
the first is that we're launching uh a
bunch of slots on our coaching program
on september 4th
which is this friday and for everybody
who's supported us so far just a
reminder that like you guys have made
the coaching program possible
um so thank you guys very much for doing
that
and yeah so like all of the donations
twitch prime subs donated subs
yeah so thank you guys very much for
supporting the stream yeah so this week
we're going to talk to
a potential incel
and uh yeah i couldn't i noticed oh yeah
i'm wearing this fleece today
this one even has my name on it
oh there we go can you see me yeah i can
see you okay hold on
yeah sorry i i uh i wish i prepared for
this a little bit better
that's okay man we
you know a big part of the stream is is
technical difficulties and poor
preparation
so yeah you you're you're right at home
buddy
and what's your name friend uh you just
call me ganny like last time
okay and so for those of you who don't
know ganny
was on the ban appeal stream is that
right
yeah and you were did you get unbanned
by the way what happened
yeah no i ended up getting unbanned
awesome dude
congratulations yeah and
uh i think it was jake that unbanned me
incorrect
who wasn't it was twitch at
twitch yeah you offered your case to
twitch and
and twitch found you worthy of mercy
well thank you so much twitch john
yeah man i think we're we're we're
rooting for you danny
so yeah tell me a little bit about what
we're talking about today
well as far as my understanding goes
we're talking about
the uh because last time when i was on
the
ban appeal stream there was uh the the
issue came
up about whether or not i'm an in-cell
so
uh i guess it's about better
understanding what it means to be an
incel
or what uh whether or not i guess i
qualify as an insult and
what like what that's all about okay
yeah so uh can you tell can you just
recap for people like
and for myself like what what was the
reason that you were banned
i know we don't want to get too much
into that but well i was banned because
of some comments i made that were like
considered uh either insensitive or not
safe for work
or like offensive okay
and um and and so
what's your understanding of like you
know when you came
on the stream and you said hey this is
what happened do you have a sense of
like what twitch chat
resonated with in terms of like why they
thought you should be unbanned
well i think it's because they saw my
ability to look back at some of the
things i said and maybe reflect on them
and
i guess like some people i'm not sure if
everybody liked the fact that i laughed
at them but i think they
kind of were able to appreciate the fact
that at least i was able to find like at
least i was able to look back and
reflect on maybe
how uh the kind of things i said and
what that meant
yeah absolutely man i think that's a
great way to put it so i think we
you know appreciate people i think we're
as a community we're here to like grow
and learn from our mistakes right it's
not about being perfect it's about
learning from where you misstep and
and i think in that way again you
actually exemplify you know
what we want to build right is a place
where people
come and they learn something about
themselves and hopefully they grow from
it
so thank you very much for coming on
last time and just being a part of the
community and and hanging out on discord
i'm i'm really grateful to you man yeah
no problem man
so tell me a little bit about um i mean
this term incel do you think you fall
into that category yay nay
well i think by definition like if you
think about it as just somebody who's
involuntarily celibate somebody who
maybe wants to get a date or wants to be
able to be sexually active but isn't
i would say i fit in that category in
the sense that i mean i've tried many
things i've tried
like approaching girls i've tried doing
all sorts of things to try to get
get uh i guess girls to like like me but
none of it's really worked out it's
gotten rejected
a lot okay um and i think they're and i
think the part about insult the insult
terminology that
uh i guess a part of it is about
resentment towards women
okay and i think that in some ways i
harbor some sorts of resentment but i
don't i see that as more of a negative
thing i don't see it as like
uh i see it as like unproductive the
result man i think
sure so can you tell us a little bit
there's that word approach again
we had that word on friday used a lot um
and and so ganny do you mind if i ask
like ballpark of how old you are
i'm 19. okay and
and how old do you have a sense of like
how old you are
before you become an incel like do you
have to try for a certain amount of time
or is it just sort of like
well i think i've i've heard the number
24 thrown around but i'm not sure i mean
i'm not quite there yet
i have a few years but i think i i think
uh in some ways there are certain things
that are determined
like at a very young age like your
appearance or your social skills that
can also
affect your ability to uh attract women
i think your social skills are
determined at an early age
well by i think it depends on how you're
raised and depends on the environment
your
your you live in i think okay okay
and your appearance is determined when
you when you're born
yeah although i guess there can be
changes in appearance when you get older
like
uh if you work out or even if you don't
like sometimes your face changes you
grow into your face a little bit more so
sure i guess that's why some people
don't consider people who are like
teenagers or younger to be
in cells necessarily and and so if we're
talking about sort of what was
determined when you were born
um do you feel like you kind of got a a
particular
hand of cards dealt to you when you were
born
yeah for sure can you tell us about that
well i think uh as far as my appearance
goes like uh i'm not wearing a mask i
mean there may be
a couple reasons why i'm wearing a mask
but i think one of them is
uh insecurity about how i look and i
feel like
appearance for me at least recently has
been a pretty significant
issue when it comes to like
self-confidence and self-esteem i think
so i think that's one of the cards i was
dealt with when i was born
and i think uh i think that's i honestly
think that appearance plays a very big
role
in attraction just because like
i feel like i i feel like the way you
behave also does but
two two people with like varying levels
of attractiveness can behave the same
way and it'll be taken
a bit differently you know what i mean
sure absolutely
i remember seeing this uh cold i think
tinder profile or something where some
some
someone made like a profile of uh
like with like a male models picture and
basically said in
the the blurb that in the tinder profile
that he was either like a convicted sex
offender or a pedophile or something
really bad
and and he still got bunches of like
you know women swiping right is that
swiping right now
is accept or reject except yeah okay
yeah so you say you're insecure about
how you look
and appearance certainly plays a role um
how does how long have you been insecure
about how you look
i think well i've um i feel like i've
been insecure about it for maybe a few
years now
i think for a while i just didn't care
about it but that's because i wasn't
really concerned about like attracting
women that much
so i wasn't really super concerned about
how i looked
to me how i looked is just like a side
effect there was just something very
small
so i never really paid too much
attention to it because i didn't think
it was necessary
to pay attention to okay can you just
tell me a little bit about
um how you grew up
uh that's a bit like what specifically
i'm sorry i'm just curious like you know
what was what was it like growing up for
you who was at home
uh well i lived with my i i've lived
with my mom for most of my life
uh and i was mainly
i mean like are you talking about like
home life specifically or
sure yeah yeah no it was my mom and
she's had like
uh partners and stuff like boyfriends
and stuff
but my parents divorced and i was pretty
young
uh so yeah i was going on mainly and i
saw my dad on weekends and stuff
what was your relationship like with
your mom and dad
um my relationship with my parents
in some ways uh well in some ways my
relationship with my mom is
was kind of it was pretty close but um
it's also kind of complicated and my
relationship with my dad has been
a little bit distant but he's been there
like well i feel like when i've needed
him he's been there
some other times i think he's been there
some of the times
yeah and is there can you tell us what
you mean by when you've needed him
can you share like a like what's a time
like what's an example of that
well like um there's just been times
like i feel like when i was growing up
i i i never really
like i certain things like how to talk
to
like girls for instance or how to talk
to like other people i feel like
it's something that your dad can teach
you and my dad wasn't really like
talking to me about that stuff as much
or what if he did try to talk to me
about that i wouldn't really want to
talk about that
so i would listen so yeah
so i'm trying to get a sense of i mean
so if you weren't sort of taught how to
do this properly
is that because your dad kind of dropped
the ball there or is it
you almost mentioned like you maybe
didn't want to talk about it
well it's like a mix of both i just kind
of didn't care at that age i didn't
really start to care about like talking
to girls until i was like maybe 17.
okay and do you think where do you think
you know what a bell curve is
yeah what's where does that fall in
under the bell curve of when people get
interested in talking about girls
um i feel like that's pretty late
although like i was interested in girls
well also i was interested in girls in
like middle school
and then berlin throughout high school
throughout most of high school i just
wasn't interested in
girls really and can you tell me about
what school was like
well i went to a very small school so
there wasn't really a lot of like
different kinds of girls so i wasn't
really attracted to anybody at school
so i just to me like school was about
hanging out with my friends and like
like learning and stuff and it wasn't
really i never really thought too much
about girls because me the girls that i
was
uh grew up with were not very attractive
so i just
kind of didn't pay attention to them i
see
so it seems like the girls that are
worth paying attention to
are people that are attracted
well the kind of girls like i guess the
girls i was interested in dating like i
wasn't interested in dating anybody in
school until i was like 17.
okay and what happened when you were 17
well when i was 17 i started to get
attracted to this one girl who
i uh that at school that
kind of got me interested in girls again
and um i think that was when i started
thinking about like oh why don't i have
a girlfriend or
when can i get a girlfriend is when i
started like trying to
get this girl's attention or trying to i
guess get this girl to like me
can you tell us about her
uh yeah well i mean the thing about this
girl is like
at first uh i i talked to her and i
was pretty upfront with my uh intentions
like i told her i was into her and i
asked her like out on a date but she
said it was really weird because she
rejected me but then for like a week
straight she would like text me like
almost 24
7 and cut constantly keep in contact
with me
and then after that she just kind of
dropped off and stopped talking to me
how do you understand that
well i still i still it's still hard to
wrap my head around just because i don't
know why you give somebody so much
attention after rejecting them and like
why you would um like what i was like
was she kind of into me but then i was
thinking if she wasn't to me she
wouldn't have rejected me unless if
like she just i don't know like like i
i don't really know what that what she
was trying to communicate with that kind
of
interaction yeah that's it a damn
confusing situation
yeah can you tell me what you mean by
she rejected you
well she just said she wasn't ready for
a relationship so it wasn't straight up
but it was like it was kind of like
a little bit left in the air but it was
like uh
it was she just said she wasn't ready
for a relationship and she
didn't really want to date me
specifically because of that
uh but she didn't really straight up it
was hard to really tell she was saying
like i'm not interested in you or i'm
just not interested in a relationship
right now in general
so
okay so when she said she wasn't
interested
and and you like you like walk like can
you walk me through like what happened
like you just walked up to her and you
said
hey i'd really like to take like what'd
you what can you walk would do a
play-by-play of the interaction
so i think there's one message i
messaged her on
instagram i remember and uh
i i i think i at first i was just asking
how she was doing and then
i was asking like how she was like i was
just trying to start small talk but
i guess it's kind of weird to go right
from that so like oh i like you
uh i i can't remember the exact messages
but um
how much time between the small talk and
the
stating your intentions
uh i think i i don't as far as i
remember well there wasn't a lot of time
no are we talking like minutes hours
days or weeks i think minutes or
or minutes to like maybe like 10 minutes
i don't know
okay um
and what's your perception of like
what's in her
head like do women walk around and sort
of have
a kind of a conscious understanding of
like okay these are the three dudes i'm
willing to date
these are the seven dudes i'm not
willing to date like how does that work
well i mean what i i've been told in the
past that like a lot of the times girls
know whether or not they're attracted to
you like within like seconds of meeting
you
and that uh there are certain guys that
they are just
be attracted to and certain guys that
they'll just not be attracted to and
it's not
just looks but based off of certain
factors like looks or like
personnel like when you say you've been
told where
where i mean who told you that well i've
talked
people on the internet okay it's
actually a pretty good source of
information but what do you think about
it
kenny well i think it makes sense to me
because like usually i know who i'm
interested in
pretty quickly although it does take me
a little bit of time like i feel like
there are many girls that i'm like
attracted to like i think they're
attractive but i wouldn't necessarily
date so maybe
it does take a bit more time i don't
know okay
so it sounds like you know who you're
attracted to pretty quickly
okay um
and and what do you think could be
happening
when when you talk to someone and you
say hey
how's it going do you like the weather
small talk small talk
and then you're like hey i'm really
interested in going out with you
what do you think are the range of
possibilities
of what could be going on inside the
person that you're talking to
when you transition from small talk to
like letting someone know that you like
them
like the brains of sorry can you say
that again yeah like what are the range
of things that she could be experiencing
well maybe it could like take her by
surprise but i i guess it wouldn't
really take her by surprise because
a lot of girls kind of know if you just
start messaging them randomly like
a lot of girls kind of expect that
you're interested in them if you're
randomly sending them messages you know
what i mean how do you know what a lot
of girls expect
well because i i will i assume at least
that girls get messages a lot from like
guys
that are trying to hit them up because
they're like interested in them or
whatever
okay so it sounds like an assumption on
your part yeah no definitely an
assumption
okay um so you said that maybe she feels
surprised but then you sort of walked
that back and you thought maybe she
doesn't feel surprised so what do you
think
is surprise a possibility yeah it's just
a possibility but i'm not 100 sure
necessarily
sure so what else is a possibility the
possibility is maybe that she expects it
or she's just waiting for you to say
that because she kind of expects that
you're gonna say it
sure so she's waiting for you to ask her
out yeah
what else um
[Music]
well maybe she maybe she maybe the girl
might perceive it as being like
uh like there's something there's
something wrong with
kind of saying that like it's
uncomfortable like she might feel
uncomfortable with randomly being
like going from like small talk to like
being asked out i don't know
sure she could feel uncomfortable what
else could she feel
this is a great great hypothesis
generation ganny
um she might feel i don't know like i
can't think of anything else i'm gonna
be honest
okay so maybe she's feels fear
yeah right like maybe she's afraid of
what this means or something like that
maybe she feels
joy maybe she's like you said been
waiting for you to ask her out maybe she
feels
um valued or important
flattered absolutely yeah right um
maybe she feels confused
because maybe she feels like more than
one thing
right so maybe she's flattered and
confused maybe she's been waiting for
you
i i think what i'm kind of sensing
though is that there's just a lot of
different things that she could be
feeling
what do you think yeah no that makes
sense to me
okay and so if someone's feeling a lot
of different things and you ask them a
yes or no question like hey do you want
to xyz what do you think they'd say
um well it might be a complicated answer
just because of all the things they
could
possibly be thinking yeah so generally
speaking it's been my experience that
when people are
complicated and confused they tend to
say no
oh really yeah that makes sense to me
right so if i
called you on the phone and i'd say hey
like let's say i dmd like three days
from now hey ganny how you doing
you're like i'm doing well dr k and then
i said
ganny i have an amazing investment
opportunity for you
are you interested in hearing more oh i
thought you were gonna ask me out but
no no that i think you would expect
right yeah so i think sometimes people
just say no when they don't really know
what to think
what do you think about that i mean i
never really thought of it that way but
i mean that
that's a possibility like i could kind
of see how that logically follows
yeah because oddly enough ganny i i
you know i don't know how to say this
i'm just going to go ahead and say it
but like
i i think it sounds like she was
actually kind of interested in you but
much like yourself was like a confused
17 year old who didn't understand what
she was feeling
what do you think about that yeah i mean
it seemed kind of possible but then
afterwards she
said she rejected me because of religion
or something
so i don't know i don't know what that
was about but yeah i
i think that it sounds like she had some
so the interesting thing there is that
if we really tunnel down and look at the
reasons what are you hearing the reasons
that she said no
because she gave you two different
reasons yeah
what were the two reasons the two
reasons is
the religion and she just wasn't ready
for a relationship
what does that say about your
attractiveness
nothing what do you think about that
well i mean i'm i sometimes i'm under
the impression that like
even if she doesn't feel ready for a
relationship if she's like attracted to
you that
that the whoever it it is
will just kind of like especially when
some people are young
and like aren't necessarily thinking
ahead that much
like i feel like if they're attracted to
you they're less likely to think ahead
and less likely to think
oh i'm not ready for this they kind of
just want to get involved in it i don't
know
yeah i mean do you think what percentage
of the population do you think that
describes
well i i think it makes sense that it
would describe a lot of young people you
know what i mean like a lot of people
who
i think young people have less foresight
in general sure
and so what are we talking about are we
talking like 90 of young people
are willing to throw the future to the
wind fifty percent
thirty percent i don't know yeah so i
mean i
even if you say fifty percent it's like
she's maybe there's a coin
flip whether she's someone who's like
has bad judgment basically
yeah right i guess because what you're
sort of describing to me sounds like bad
judgment it's sort of like
yeah i don't give a [ __ ] about the
future i'm just gonna do
whatever i feel like because i'm
physically attracted to someone
yeah i know this sounds bizarre ganny
but in my experience
most people are not like that
yeah i mean that would make sense i
think i think there's a lot of
assumptions that are made about
i think specifically women a lot of the
times like about an attractiveness and
like what
women are willing to do if they're like
attracted to a guy i don't know
i i feel like where did those
assumptions come from
well i think a lot of i think a lot of
the like there's a
there's a lot of stuff i've read on the
internet like a lot of uh
that assume a lot about like i think
what women are thinking or how women
act or how women react to like i guess
like chads or like
guys that are considered like really
attractive or whatever yeah so what i'm
really curious about is where does that
stuff
come from
like where like i guess like redfield
the like uh
redfield community or no i i understand
that there are communities right but
like where does the original
information come from so i get that
there's like a bunch of people who
communicate with each other on the
internet they sort of describe
what female behavior is like but what
i'm curious is like where's the root
of this knowledge um
well i think it's a lot of it's from men
so i guess
i guess men's perception of like how
women behave i guess
okay and what do you think about that
well i think i i mean i think there's
there's value in like i guess men who
interact with a lot of women
and like maybe how they
their i guess their perception but at
the same time
i guess i guess there is a reason to
believe that maybe it's not the most
reliable source of information when it
comes to like
how women are i don't know yeah so i
mean let's let's just be critical for a
second so like on the one hand it makes
sense right because we have observations
right so men make observations about the
way that women respond to them agreed
yeah it makes sense and and so based on
my observations like you made an
observation so
so you've concluded you're kind of like
in soon to be in cell like if you hit 24
like you're concerned about appearance
you're you think women are not attracted
to you is that fair to say
yeah i think that's sort of thing and
and so what based on this experience
like you use the word rejected
yeah to describe this interaction with
this woman
whereas the weird thing is i'm not
hearing that you were actually rejected
really yeah it sounds like you asked
someone out on a date who
wasn't ready to be in a relationship
yeah i mean they did kind of more reject
me afterwards but i guess at first
that too i don't think she rejected you
i guess the beliefs i i had or yeah
i mean so so let me give you a different
interpretation ganny
i'm not saying mine is right it's just
there's a different way to look at the
story
so she is actually physically attracted
to you and she's taken by surprise that
like you're making small talk one second
then you ask her out
and then she kind of panics because like
a lot of times when you're you know when
you're taken aback by something you just
sort of like panic and you're like
oh i don't really know how to respond
um or she has her own anxieties
maybe she doesn't want to seem too easy
for example right because they're like
groups of women
who also will make assumptions about
men's behavior and one thing that
they'll tell each other is that like
you can't come across as too
enthusiastic otherwise
he'll use you and dump you does that
make sense
that women would propagate that right so
then she's like she's really confused
because actually she really likes ganny
and she's been
she she's excited but then she's like oh
like my friends have told me not to say
yes right away
so she says or maybe she's just not
ready for a relationship maybe she's 17
and she's not really sure what she wants
and then she starts
messaging you as you put it 24 7.
now that indicates to me that like she's
interested in you in some way because
why would she message you all the time
afterwards
and i'm not sure no so what you're gonna
say so so i'm not sure exactly what
how you responded to those messages but
then it sort of sounds like maybe she
was
interested in you but ultimately decided
that she didn't want a relationship with
someone who
maybe there was some kind of religious
conflict with
but even then that actually implies to
me that like if she's giving you that as
a reason it sounds like she was really
like considering pros and cons
and that actually what happened is like
if you cite that as a reason to turn
someone down
it usually means that there are actually
a lot of things in the pro column
like a week of deliberation followed by
hey i don't think it's going to work out
because of
religion sounds to me to be more the
result of deliberation
than like you know knee-jerk you're
ugly yeah
what do you think about that i mean
that makes sense i think it's i i think
that is a different way to
to look at this situation although i do
kind of recall
because we had a lot of mutual friends
and i do recall hearing something about
like
how she wanted to like let me down kind
of easy so
i don't know if that could be part of it
i'm great i'm so glad you brought that
up
so now we get to a really interesting
question right which is like
you could make the argument that you're
very unattractive and she's using the
religion as an excuse
yeah and then actually she thinks you're
just like ugly
has that thought crossed your mind yeah
it has many times
okay so now i've got a question for you
genie how do we know
right like let's say let's say let's say
i reject you
and then i give you a reason how do you
know if the reason is right or the
reason is wrong
um well you you would have to i guess
go go off of like the person's i guess
you you look at the person's behavior
like their history and like
how much the reason lines up with like
how consistent it is with how they
actually conduct themselves i guess
absolutely right so you can use
observation to determine if they were
[ __ ] you or not
right pulling your leg that makes sense
i think the tricky thing is that
you seem to be adopting in my mind an
unfalsifiable hypothesis
do you know what that means yeah no i
know what that means
can you explain it to us it's like a
hypothesis that can't be proven wrong or
that no matter what is
is going to be proven right i guess and
whether or not it actually is true or
not sure and and
do you have any sense of what could be
when i say i think you're adopting a
potentially unfalsifiable hypothesis
do you know what i'm referring to well i
guess that there's
there's no way to prove that she
necessarily is interested or there's no
way to prove
the fact that she isn't interested
necessarily wrong
right or that like like so she's giving
you reasons
and you're choosing to kind of hot
like supplant those reasons with your
own
yeah right and i think the interesting
thing is that the reasons that you're
using
are based on the insecurity about how
you look
yeah that makes sense so the funny thing
here is that what i'm hearing is like
your insecurity is actually what's in
the driver's seat
so yeah so let me put it to you this way
let's say i'm an attractive dude but i
don't believe i'm an attractive dude
and if someone tells me hey dude you're
you're pretty attractive
how do i respond does it change my mind
does it change my view
no not really what happens what do i say
in response
well you can you think they're lying or
they think you think they're saying that
to you to make you feel better
absolutely right so then like then
that's kind of tricky
like danny what do i do about that
because no matter
so some people and then what happens is
like when i ask someone out on a date
and they say no sorry i'm not interested
in a relationship right now what do i
think
you think oh it's because you're not
attractive or because you don't think
you're attractive basically
right yeah so now now how do i
come out of that
well you come out you come out of it
thinking you're even less attractive or
you come out of it
like with your hypothesis proven correct
or in your mind with your hypothesis
proven correct
yep so so i'm asking you if i'm stuck in
that position
how do i get out of that position how do
i change
i guess you could change by either
changing your hypothesis or i guess
making your hypothesis something that is
more reasonable i don't know
no but that's not going to happen right
because like like we just saw that
the two biggest reasons at least that i
can think of that would change my
hypothesis
one of which is people would disagree
with me
and try to explain to me how i'm wrong
or that i actually get evidence to the
contrary from another person
or not evidence but let's say they'll
say something else
and both of those i'm going to knock
what i'm kind of curious about is like
what
like how can i move out of that
um like move out of the i guess this is
that
i'm out of what again sorry move out of
the idea that i'm unattractive
um i don't know because that's what i've
been trying to do for like a long time
so it's i don't really i'm not really
shy
yeah i'm not sure either so let's say
something else so let's say you're
walking down the street
and and a woman who is incredibly
attractive
approaches you and says hey you're kind
of cute
do you want to buy me dinner what do you
think then
well i feel like then the you you would
be i would think i was attractive
because
like i feel like if i wasn't the girl
wouldn't approach me or say that to me
okay i disagree i don't think that's
what you would think
okay what do you think i would think i
would think that this is something
i i would think that you would think
that there's some kind of trick here
like i guess i would i would probably be
kind of
skeptical like i would be i would be
like what's her and what are in her
intentions i guess
yeah right because like she sure as hell
isn't gonna actually find you attractive
yeah right like you're not
it's not gonna change your mind like
your insecurity i don't think is going
to get wiped away
by a perfect 10 approaching you on the
street and
and sort of expressing interest in you
what do you think yeah probably not
right so i mean this is kind of just
tricky because i'm i'm not really sure
like how you can you know because it
sounds like even when people
tell you things that are contrary or
don't support
your view of things that for some reason
your mind
swats those those reasons away like
because of religion or whatnot
and and you substitute it with this idea
that i'm i'm unattractive
yeah i think so
hmm any thoughts about that or questions
well i think i think the fact that i'm
or the idea that i'm unattractive comes
from like more than just uh
i guess encounters with girls like i
feel like i feel like there have been
multiple encounters with
with girls that have like made me think
that not just that encounter with that
one girl and i feel like i feel like if
it's
i feel like if something keeps happening
over and over and over again you start
to see a pattern and you start to kind
of try to explain that pattern with some
sort of factor or you know i completely
agree
so so let's just run through that let's
just recap right so when you see a
pattern
you try to come up with a good reason
for that pattern
agree yeah yeah i agree now here's the
really tricky thing
is that i think this experience that you
described
you're saying is fitting the pattern
whereas i think your mind is
cramming it into the pattern
yeah i guess like we're talking about
the experience with the girl that i just
mentioned
yeah yeah i guess
in some ways my mind will make it fit
the pattern no matter what whether or
not it actually does
which is interesting because then the
pattern that you're developing
is not necessarily based in fact it's
based in like
your mind cramming a factual experience
into a particular interpretation
yeah i guess that isn't very productive
way of seeing it but i
i it's like uh i i can't remember
i'm trying to think of a word to to
describe this but it's like i guess
cognitive bias or like it's like when
you have
you have a hypothesis and everything
that you
you find a way to make everything that
you experience prove that
correct or yep exactly
so we all do that and like that's that's
normal it's called a confirmation bias
if if i remember correctly but
you know at the same time we don't want
to assume that this is just a
confirmation bias right like
like if you really believe the scanning
there's got to be like a decent reason
it's not like you started with a
confirmation bias
does that make sense a confirmation bias
only applies if you already have a
hypothesis
yeah that's true so then the next
question becomes
yeah go ahead i feel like
um oh sorry can you say that last thing
again that you were saying
yeah a confirmation bias only applies
once you
already have a hypothesis
so the idea that ganny is unattractive
can then be confirmed but it has to come
from somewhere
yeah i feel like that hypothesis comes
from like multiple rejections like i saw
the last game and the last guy had like
300 rejections i'm not quite there but
there are being like many girls that
have uh rejected me and i feel like
and like i've had a girl like okay some
of the rejections were like from irl
girls but there have been some from like
girls online
and people are online are a lot harsher
so i've had a girl literally say it's
because of my
lux there because i'm not attractive
like i've had like online girls will
like literally just say that like
straight up they won't even like mince
words
can you tell us about that
um well i i didn't actually ask this
girl out but somebody
said like somebody asked her oh would
you date
uh me or would you date this person and
she said no i wouldn't want to date a
guy who was that ugly
how did you feel when you heard that
well it kind of
it kind of upset me a lot because i was
uh i i
she was like pretending to be my friend
or she was talking to me like
as my friend for a long time and then
all of a sudden she's like oh no this
guy's ugly and i was like
i was kind of surprised that you would
say it so like
she would say it like that like i feel
like even
even if you don't find somebody
attractive if you're their friend you
wouldn't say they're ugly you would just
say oh and
i i i'm not personally attracted to them
sounds quite hurtful yeah very hurtful
what happened to that hurt in your heart
well i kind of yeah i kind of
internalized it and
um i kind of uh
i guess i really took it to heart
because i was thinking that this must be
what all girls think if this is what she
thinks i don't know
it started to become something that you
believed about yourself
yeah for sure so it sounds like her
opinion became truth
did you resent her
um in some ways i resented her but in
other ways i kind of it was like oh
figures like because it was already
lined up with my hypothesis
part of me found it very easy to believe
and it was very easy to digest so i just
thought of it
like i was very upset about it but in
another way
i was like go figure like of course she
thinks that
so it was sort of confirmed what you
already knew
yeah pretty much that sounds like real
evidence though
because we're talking about you know
interpreting certain words it doesn't
sound like you can interpret that a
bunch of ways
yeah it's pretty straightforward yeah
hmm can i think for a second yeah go
ahead
it's interesting i actually have an
alternate interpretation
yeah what is that right so
why do you call someone ugly
well i i would say you call them because
you think they're ugly but i mean i
don't know
incorrect if you think someone's ugly
what do you call them
well in many cases you'd call them
attractive to make them feel better
absolutely right or what you normally do
is is like you'll say like yeah i'm not
interested in that person
yeah when do you call someone ugly
uh well i guess i don't know if this is
what you're getting at but maybe the
person might be secretly attracted to
you in some way i don't know
not only secretly attracted i mean yeah
that's a real stretch buddy
although that can happen right so
sometimes people have
something called reaction formation
which is that they like
they denigrate that which they feel
embarrassed to want
or that which they cannot have
yeah right so that [ __ ] happens all the
time does that make sense
yeah no that makes sense so what if i
tossed out that if
the reason that people call other people
ugly is ugly is to hurt them
yeah that makes sense
and what if i were to say the most
powerful or common reason to call
someone ugly is to try to hurt some
yeah i mean that seems reasonable right
so all you have to do to test that
hypothesis is go to any third
third grade playground and you'll have
people calling each other ugly all the
time and what are those kids trying to
do
they're trying to offend the other kids
or make themselves feel better
absolutely so if you actually tunnel
down
i don't think most people like even if
you're not attracted to someone
i've very rarely heard or i cannot think
about many cases or any cases
where someone actually calls an ugly
person ugly to their
face unless there is an intention to
hurt them
yeah which is interesting
yeah sorry yeah go ahead nope go for it
i talked to her afterwards
it was kind of weird because it's like
she didn't even see what was wrong with
her saying that like she
she was like oh no uh i wasn't trying to
like say anything and she was but she
said like
oh i she said i was feeling entitled
like she said i
feel entitled to have every girl be
attracted to me and like i
am like wrong for saying that i i should
be insulted by somebody calling me ugly
yeah man so i don't know how else to ask
this question and i don't know
if this is gonna make any sense because
it's a [ __ ] abstract weird question
is that [ __ ] about you or is it about
her
i well i i feel like it's about me but
it's also partially about her because
buddy that's about her yeah
so like if she's on a social crusade to
put entitled men
into their place because men feel
entitled to
have all women be attractive to them
like i don't even know where she gets
that
is that something that you do did you do
something that she felt like she
had to put you into your place because
it sounds like someone else asked her
hey would you go out with
ganny or not yeah no i never even
expressed attraction to her or said i
was attracted to her at all
so i don't know how to say this gainey
but that has nothing to do with you that
has like
that has everything to do with her
issues yeah i can kind of see that
right like why on earth it just doesn't
does does that make sense like it that
doesn't make any sense to me
unless like there's some context i'm not
getting no that makes sense
and it's just weird because people don't
call like even if you're not attracted
to someone you don't call them ugly
yeah right i mean i've never that's
pretty rare like i haven't heard
somebody actually say that besides her
really
so it and so i mean if she's saying that
you feel entitled to have
all women be attracted to you like where
is she getting like where is she getting
that from
now we got to be careful because we got
to make sure there's no cognitive bias
here that you're
blinding yourself to something because
there are some people who are like in
cells or chads or i don't even know what
to call them now
where they do feel an entitlement
towards women
have you done anything that i think i do
kind of have a sense of entitlement just
by nature like i feel like there have
been times where i've gotten
pretty s like i well i felt pretty salty
towards women who rejected me and i have
like i i think i like one of the chat
logs like if you read it it said that
i don't really feel i think that like i
wouldn't go to a girl and say oh you're
like i'm entitled to you for you to like
me but i do feel like in general like
in a fair world everybody would have at
least like one person that's attracted
to them you know what i mean or one
person that
but i guess it's we don't live in a fair
world so no hold on a second but you do
have one person who's attracted to you
you think so yeah that first girl
yeah 17.
yeah maybe you're right
i mean she's like she sure as hell
didn't call you ugly
and it sounds like she was into you for
like a week while she was sorting
through her feelings
i anyway
uh yeah i mean yeah i i do hear a lot of
words that don't seem to be from your
mind coming out of your mouth
uh explain what you mean by that like
you see
it's like i hear like platitudes like oh
in a fair world there would at least be
one person
attracted to me but it's not a fair
world so [ __ ] me i guess
that sounds like the resentment of the
internet it doesn't sound like an act
like i think it resonates with you i
think that perspective
validates you i think that perspective
makes you feel not alone and not like an
idiot
which someone who's insecure is gonna
look for
a lot of ways to not feel like an idiot
and there's also a really subtle thing
there which is that if it's an unfair
world
ganny it's not your fault
you just drew the short end of the stick
it just feels like even though it's not
my fault it really sucks and it's and it
feels kind of like therapeutic sometimes
to complain about like how unfair
things are like i feel like i feel like
i do get something out of it
you're damn right i think you get a lot
out of it i think this whole community
gets a lot out of it
so i think this is a very confusing
thing where a lot of people assume that
like incels are dumb
like the chads and the stacy's think
that y'all are like dumb and losers and
rejects and all that kind of stuff
i don't think so i think that you guys
are you're definitely getting something
very important out of this
what do you think you get out of calling
yourself an insult
well i think it kind of shifts blame
away from you or it shifts
uh it kind of i guess says something
more about the world than it says about
your
yourself in some ways i guess yep and so
then what do you get to do if it's not
your fault
you get to i guess uh as they would say
like lie down and rot or not do anything
about it necessarily like just
waste time absolutely my dude
and boy don't we love that
if there is one thing that we love here
on twitch and in the gaming community
it is to lie down and do nothing
right we love to [ __ ] and complain
and do nothing
what do you think well i see some truth
in that but i
i do also see some some truth in the
fact that i am constantly trying to
improve
i think it's just about finding the
discipline to do to behave like that
consistently or to consistently do
things to improve
i'm really really happy and it gives me
hope that you
choose to disagree even something
yeah well thank you because i gave you
an excuse right i gave you the perfect
excuse
go ahead my dude ganny lay down and do
nothing bro
and what did you say
uh i said that i don't want to lay down
and do nothing i want to change myself
and get better
absolutely man and i'm behind you a
hundred percent
and i think that's why you came on
stream today
yeah and i i think you are gonna change
and i'm not trying to wrap up here but i
feel like it's an important point here
i think you are gonna change and i don't
think you're gonna be alone forever i
really don't
well thank you yeah i hope not i mean i
like
i like to think that maybe i have a
future maybe i have there is a
possibility for something more
yeah i don't know how else to say this
man like so i'm gonna sound like a real
boomer here so i hate that i'm about to
say this but i feel like it has to be
said
dude do you know how long five years is
i mean it feels long to me because i'm
pretty young but
it no dude it's such a long time
imagine just imagine how much you've
changed from 14 to 19.
yeah no it's crazy and five years is a
really
long time a lot of people don't get laid
in high school or even at the age of 19.
right like some people get laid after
college like it just
everyone's at their own pace
yeah the average age to lose virginity
isn't it like around 16 though like it's
uh at least in the united states i don't
know
i would be surprised if it's that young
yeah no it's like 16.
and even then i would be careful about
the phrase average
because a mean is biased towards
outliers i think the important question
is what's the median age
yeah because i guess the like if there's
a lot of people or a fair amount that
are like
losing it super young or super old that
like inflates the average right
yep so that's why the important is the
median not the mean
because there could be like 13 year olds
out there having sex and they're gonna
really lopside things
or even the another important thing
would be what's the mode
so what's the most common age to lose
your virginity
right that's the most yeah
so anyway statistics fog
yeah so i i'd be careful about
average because i think averages can
oftentimes be misleading
yeah no i've been told that before and i
think it makes sense i mean
an average is really just a number
that's made up of like other numbers
really
that is correct
it's a real five head [ __ ] right there
man well thank you
um okay so let's go back can we go back
to sort of the sense of like
getting rejected online and resentment
and entitlement
um i think with the resentment yeah sure
i think the resentment and and
entitlement
comes from i think this idea that
i'm special or that i mean that i i need
like validation from others to feel
uh to feel important or to feel
i guess uh adequate
so do you think the resentment and
entitlement are
related to each other do they kind of
yeah because my entitlement isn't being
fulfilled or isn't being uh satisfied
and where did you get the sense when
what do you feel like you're entitled to
i feel like i'm entitled to a lot a lot
like i feel like i'm entitled to
uh a better like a a life that's better
than most people or a life that is
maybe not easier but that is like um
more fulfilling or that is more
interesting i guess
and and where do you get the idea that
you're entitled to a life that's better
than most
people well i feel like i i feel like
there is this idea that um
that i'm special or that there's still
something about me that's like
i don't know just different from other
people
how long have you felt special kenny
ever since i was like really young i
think
can you tell me about that
well like i'm cons like i i took an
intelligence test when i was very young
and i scored like pretty well on it in
certain areas like i
scored high in certain areas and low in
other areas
but i i was like called gifted or i was
given the gifted classification and then
i was
sent to like a special school for it
which i didn't contributed that's not
the only reason
but i feel like that contributed to it
being told that you're different or
special or
like sounds like you actually were
special objectively
yeah i was
and do you feel
like you've lived up to your potential
definitely not i think i feel like if
i'm supposed to be smart like
i feel like in many ways i'm supposed to
be smart because of like what the
test told me but i feel like my life
hasn't really lived up to that potential
lived as to what it means to be smart
and what does it mean to be smart
well in my opinion like people who are
smart usually get good grades or
successful
or have a lot of things going for them
in life when it comes to like
success and either money or grades or
something that makes them stand out like
some sort of status usually and do you
stand out
i think i stand out but for the wrong
reasons
so i i was that insensitive i thought
that was no no no i i
i understand yeah why do you stand out
well i think i stand up partially
because of like mental illness
and partially because of uh
like um i think sometimes i oh my god
this
i guess i could go i can go into a lot
but i feel like i
there are certain behaviors that i do
that make me stand out just because i
try to stand out like i think in
some ways i've inhibited
attention-seeking behavior in the past
or behavior that
where i want to be like at the forefront
of like whatever's going on
and what makes you want to be at the
forefront of whatever's going on
because i feel like if people
acknowledge me i feel more validated and
i feel more adequate i think
do you remember that's a very analytical
answer
do you remember was there a certain kind
of acknowledgement that you wanted
growing up
um well growing up i'm gonna be honest
when i was really young i
i didn't really need that much
acknowledgement from my peers because i
was
kind of off doing my own thing so i feel
like this has been a recent thing like
when i was really young
um for the most part i was i i got most
of the validation for myself from
most of the validation internally
whereas now i feel like a lot of it
when did that change i think it changed
like
late teenage years or yeah i think like
late teenage years
do people tell you that you haven't
lived up to your potential
um not necessarily not directly but i
feel like there's in
their indirect uh ways that people say
that or whatever
can you give me an example well i think
it's communicated sometimes
through like uh if i get a bad grade i i
usually think to myself oh
like uh i should i should have gotten a
better grade just because of my
potential or
like what did i do what am i doing wrong
or why am i not getting the sort of
success in school that i expect
why don't you think you're getting the
success that you expect
well i think i just have a lot going on
in my life and a lot on my plate that
kind of distracts me from
being able to affect work effectively at
school and i think it's not just um
it's not just that i have a lot on my
plate as far as mental health is
concerned but also because i get pretty
distracted like i have problems with
uh focus and paying attention and
i have like adhd and stuff like that
can i think for a second yeah sure go
ahead
kenny you know what i think the biggest
problem is
what your confidence in what you know
okay explain what you mean by that
so i ask you a lot of questions and you
give me a lot of answers
and you give a lot of really good
answers yeah
right well thank you yeah it's it's kind
of interesting but i think it's actually
kind of a burden and it's sort of
screwing you over
because what i'm not hearing isn't i i'm
not hearing a 19 year old who hasn't
figured it out
what i'm hearing is a 19 year old who's
figured everything out
oh my god what do you mean by that well
so like i i'll i'll
ask you questions right we're talking
about women we're talking about being an
insult we're talking about
your views and how people treat you and
stuff like that and you have answers for
everything
i get rejected i'm ugly
you know the world is unfair
it's not my fault answers answers
answers i'm smart i was gifted
i was tested i haven't lived up to my
potential i'm handicapped
i have adhd the world feels really like
a definitive place to me
when i listen to you speak like i
already have an idea of like what's
going on
or i already haven't i think i know it's
like
i think i know everything yeah right
it's
you have way more than an idea you have
piles and piles of evidence
you're way past the hypothesis
generation phase
you're even way past the the testing
phase
your you conclusions have already been
made
does that make sense yeah no it makes
sense
right but at the end of the day like you
know i don't mean to sound like a boomer
but like you're 19.
and i don't mean to say that your
experience doesn't have value
what i what i'm trying to say is that
there are still more experiences
which need to happen and the biggest
concern that i have for you
is that your mind is not letting
evidence
change your view it's letting your view
change the evidence
yeah that makes sense and so
i'm concerned for you because i i think
you know i think there are a lot of
alternate hypotheses so i too
theoretically was
gifted i was never tested or anything so
i don't
really know and then i also
struggled a lot i probably could have
been diagnosed with adhd when i was 19
years old or younger
uh certainly didn't have good grades i
had like a you know like a
1.5 gpa or something after one year of
college
and i hadn't lived up to my potential
and also had a lot of sense of
entitlement i also had a lot of reaction
formation personally where i
hated a lot of the things that i was
jealous of
yeah i feel that completely right
like like i can't have it so [ __ ] that
[ __ ] i hate you yeah
because you are everything what are some
examples of that
tell me like in your life like what are
some examples of like
things that you were jealous of or
things that were like uh upsetting to
you
uh so i devalued school and education
because i felt like i wasn't good at it
and it wasn't an accurate representation
of my intellect
i felt like they were plebs just reading
[ __ ] textbooks instead of thinking
for themselves
oh wow yeah i think i actually for me
it's like the office that i feel like
education
is very important or education is like
very concrete and i feel like i'm
inadequate because i don't live up to
the expectations of education
yeah so i felt that too i think it's
actually the same feeling it's one coin
with two faces
yeah so deep down i felt exactly the way
that you did
and then my ego constructed a defense
against it
which is that i don't have to feel bad
about myself if i put
them down yeah
if they call me ugly i don't have to
listen to them if they're the ones that
rug me
hmm it protects me to put other people
down
yeah it also helps me not take
responsibility
because then i get to do nothing about
it right because if i'm truly
enlightened and they're all plebs
i don't have to listen to them i don't
have to value what they say
and their rejection of me which is like
f's on my report card
doesn't have to touch me if i devalue
them
and what they represent i guess that's
like how i view rejection in some way or
how
my attitude towards women in some ways
what do you mean by that like i see the
rejection as
like an inadequate or like as
oh my god i kind of lost my train of
thought here
uh i i guess that's how i interpret
their rejection of me in general like as
and how i
like i feel like i'm not good enough but
in some ways i like getting i
i think there's something wrong with
them and not necessarily something wrong
with me
if that makes any sense and it's kind of
confusing right because there's a part
of you that thinks that and there's a
part of you that
clearly thinks there is something wrong
with you yeah
something that's wrong with you that is
just so wrong with you that it's
unfixable
yeah even the word incel
right so it's like it's not even virgin
anymore
it's like virgin is like someone who
hasn't gotten laid yet
virgins have become incels celibate is
like a choice
it's like something that happens you
know in life it's like a long time span
and somewhere along the way either like
a bunch of virgins who now call
themselves themselves
i think it's the idea that like as you
said that it's just never going to
happen or that
something has happened to you or things
have happened to you that makes you
believe that there's just nothing you
can do about it
yeah so what happened to you that made
you feel like there's nothing you can do
about
i think just like constant rejection and
constant uh feedback from like other
people
when you say constant tell me what
constant rejection means
well like when i was in uh university
like during my first year i had this
kind of idea
that if i were to approach like one girl
a week or if i approached a certain
amount of girls that
at least one of them would find me
attractive so i was like i was kind of
playing the numbers game
but like every girl that i approached
just wouldn't seem interested in either
talking to me or didn't really
seem interested in uh in me at all or
they straight up rejected me or like
said they would rather be friends or
something else
and what does that mean and how do you
understand that
well i just understand it as like it is
i'm just they're just not attracted to
me in general and i feel like because of
how many girls have rejected me
i feel like i can make a state like i
could use that as like a sample size to
kind of
think of like what girls in general
would think i think
how did you talk to these women
usually i just try to approach them or
try to like start up a conversation or
whatever and see if they were interested
in talking
sorry again i just got a little bit
frustrated
i gotta think about what's frustrating
but okay
can i talk at you for a little bit can i
go ahead
okay so the first thing is if you're
approaching women
don't that's not a thing i don't know
what that is
but like here's okay so here's what i'm
gonna say first thing to understand
ganny and you're allowed to disagree
with any of this okay i'm just gonna
rant is that cool
yeah go ahead okay you ready for it bro
yeah i'm ready for it
issue number one people are stupid
okay what that means is that like a lot
of times men are stupid and women are
stupid
issue number two people don't know
themselves these are like universal
facts about humanity
i don't understand what's going on
inside myself
and a lot of times i suspect that you
don't understand what's going on inside
yourself and the women that you talk to
don't understand what's going on in them
so like like that's the first thing so
if you know like i think your
your example is fantastic that you know
sometimes when you ask a girl out she
doesn't know what to think or she thinks
shockingly more than one thing that
there are reasons she is attracted to
you
and their reasons that she's not
interested in you
second thing is that if you're basing
your idea that you're celibate
or an incel based on approaching random
women on the street and striking out
over and over and over again
there's a difference between your worth
as a human being and the strategy that
you're employing to ask women out
what do you mean by that like if i'm a
surgeon
and i go in and start hacking at people
willy-nilly
and then i say oh [ __ ] i'm a terrible
surgeon i will never be able to save a
life
there's a huge difference between the
way in which i perform surgery
and my capacity to perform surgery well
right there's like a method here you're
interpreting your value as a human being
based on what sounds to me like a
terrible way to approach
women like you're not treating them like
humans
you're treating them like objects to be
approached and i'm not surprised that
you get rejected
over and over and over again has nothing
to do with the fact that you're ugly has
everything to do with the fact that
you're probably like
like you're not it's not like a normal
interaction
right because people don't hit each
other up on the street
and then like start asking each other
out that
happens rarely it happens in the movies
and we think that chads do that and
sometimes some people can get away with
that [ __ ]
but that also has nothing to do with
like that person being a chad
it has everything to do with the fact
that an interaction between you and
another person
ganny involves you and another person
there's a whole
other person there with thoughts
feelings insecurities
their own issues case in point lady who
called you ugly because she felt like
you were entitled to the attractiveness
of all women i have no idea where she
gets that
i mean maybe you were a toxic [ __ ]
and you said that to her so that's fine
but it sounds like you weren't
it sounds like you didn't even hit on
her in any way shape or form and that
you were just
generally around and that she chose to
call you out as ugly because she felt
like you were entitled
to the attractive attraction of all
women i
does that make sense like that has
nothing to do with you man
yeah that makes sense so like people are
stupid and they don't know what they
feel
the other thing is that like there are
some differences i suppose in terms of
gender dynamics in terms of like
when um you know how men and women
treat each other and find each other
attractive and stuff like that there may
be differences there
but i'm telling you like as a scientist
the in-group variability far outweighs
the between group variability
that's a tricky sentence do you know
what that means
not really no okay so if you look at
like intelligence
amongst ethnicities what you'll find is
that
basically people from all over the world
on average are the same amount of
intelligent
so it's not like indian people are
smarter than german people
or that german people are smarter than
indian people
the variability in intelligence within a
community
far outweighs the difference between
communities
they're really smart indian people and
they're really stupid indian people
they're really smart german people and
really stupid indian people
does that make sense yeah no it makes
sense
that's also true of genders so there are
women who are attractive and confident
and picky and [ __ ] and there are men
who are attractive and confident and
picky and [ __ ]
they're also men who are attractive and
confident and nice and there are women
who are attractive and confident and
nice
there are women who will judge a man
based on his appearance within 30
seconds and then decide
to date them or not date them and there
are also women who won't do that
and who will get sub take some time to
like
note get to know people before they
decide whether they want to date them or
not
what do you think about that yeah now
that makes sense
okay
so here's the next thing
i think that a lot of your
a lot of what they could be responding
to is not your looks
but your insecurity about your looks
what do you think about that well i feel
like it is a mix of both but if you are
confident in how you look i think you
are more likely
to get women or feel attractive okay so
let me ask you something annie
when you come on stream with a mask on
yeah what do you think that does to your
insecurity
i think it gives it it gives it like uh
weight or
it like um i feel like it's
it uh it validates it or gives it oxygen
absolutely i love that last part it's
not validating it gives it oxygen
it helps it grow
and what do you think that insecurity
every time you let your insecurity get a
little bit bigger and a little bit
bigger
what happens the next time you talk to a
girl
it's uh i come across as insecure or
anxious yeah right and they don't know
and it's it's not that they like don't
they're not like they're not like
knocking you off of a list permanently
i think a lot of times what it'll do is
it'll probably confuse women
what do you think about that sorry say
that last part again
i think it confuses women
what confuses women the combination
between you approaching them random and
randomly in the street and being a
gigantic pile of insecurity
yeah it's probably really weird to have
somebody especially somebody who's
anxious
or we or like nervous to just randomly
start talking to you out of nowhere
absolutely and then if you're anxious
how do you think
they feel they probably feel even more
anxious or like uncomfortable
absolutely because we're empathic
organisms
so they're not i don't think they're
looking down on you like you're a piece
of [ __ ] and they're judging you because
they're the superior sex
i think they're really confused and
anxious and generally speaking when
someone is confused and anxious and you
ask them if they want to go out with you
what are they going to say
probably no even if you're dr chad
thundercock
you think so pretty sure bro
i yeah i mean i i i think like
so yeah any thoughts about what i've
said so far
i mean it makes sense to me i've been
kind of told versions of this before but
i think the way you say makes it
makes a bit more sense like i feel like
um
probably my insecurity is playing a big
role in like how i'm perceived or
i guess my attractiveness overall like
especially if i'm randomly approaching
people out of nowhere
right i mean like so most of the people
that that i
you know most of the successful
relationships that i've seen
don't start with anyone approaching
anyone
yeah it's like usually like people
get into relationships when there are
unplanned repeated interactions plus
attractiveness this is the biggest thing
that people tend to miss out on
unplanned repeated interactions is
seriously the foundation of most
well this has changed since online
dating but like if you look at prior to
online dating
unplanned repeated interactions are like
most of how people
like find someone to date
and that's why people date like their
co-workers and fellow students you don't
date people off the street
you date your co-workers because like
you go to work every day they go to work
every day you guys like kind of chit
chat a little
bit you crack a joke they laugh they
crack a joke you laugh
and then like it's sort of like an
organic kind of thing
now online dating is a little bit
different i think that certainly does
sound like more of a numbers game
right and people swiping right and
swiping left and whatnot but even then
there seems to be some amount of like
organicness to the more successful
relationships
yeah and what i'm hearing from you is
that a lot of your interactions are not
organic or natural at all
maybe i'm forcing it and trying like way
too hard or making people feel
uncomfortable because of my
uh the way i'm approaching them
partially too
yeah i mean i certainly think so
but i i encourage you to really just
kind of look at yourself because i don't
think
i mean i you know i can understand
everything that you've said i think it
makes sense like i think it makes sense
that you felt like you were rejected by
that girl at the age of 17
but i think the really tricky thing
again is that
with each of those rejections the
confirmation bias grows
and the more you give oxygen to your
insecurity the more
it finds confirmation biases does that
make sense
yeah no it makes a lot of sense so oddly
enough i think that
much like the other insults that i've
spoken to i think your [ __ ] is a bunch
of confirmation bias
piled on top of a faulty assumption
okay yeah that that sort of makes sense
what do you think the faulty assumption
is
that i'm ugly or either that you're ugly
or i'd say even in a broader sense that
you're
you're not worth valuing
damn right and we hear
subtle tones of that i think ugliness is
just the face of it
but we hear subtle tones of it when you
when you said that you used to
acknowledge yourself
and then at some point you started
needing acknowledgement from other
people
and you noticed that you needed
acknowledgement from other people in
high school
but i think that that sense of that's
when you already needed acknowledgement
the hunger was already there in high
school so the question is where did the
hunger start
i think it started earlier
and if i had to put my my money on a
couple of things and we'd have to talk
more so oftentimes
these hypotheses it's not that this
hypothesis has a high likelihood of
being correct
but this is the best that i can come up
with may have something to do with your
parents
may have something to do with your mom's
boyfriends may have something to do with
your dad
may have something to do with school and
you feeling like you didn't live up to
your potential
and the more that you don't feel like
you lived up to your potential
the more you need other people to
confirm for you that you have potential
or that you have value because you don't
get it from it here
so you need it from outside and if you
needed it from outside in high school
i think you started losing that
confidence in yourself probably around
middle school
and we even hear like a couple of tones
of that right because you were
interested in girls in middle school
then you stopped in high school which is
a little bit strange
yeah so i i don't know if this is like
one of those stories of like you know
and we kind of heard a couple of
different tones of this from your dad
where it sounds like
there's a part of you that feels like
your dad should have done better
but then you also accept blame
yeah i found it hard to just blame
somebody absolutely because i know
people are complicated and it's hard to
just
it's not it's not except women you can
blame them absolutely very easily
yeah i guess i guess i bet i think like
i mean blaming individuals like uh
blaming people and likes a specific
person
sure so here's here's a pro tip okay
so here's how you move forward you have
any idea
uh no no okay first thing is stop
treating women as a class
and start treating them as individuals
okay what do you think about that i mean
it's something i've been told before but
i think
i mean it makes sense in general yeah
okay
so and and some of them are going to be
[ __ ] right so like
you shouldn't you you don't want to go
like white knight
and like milady them to death that's
also treating them like a class by the
way
it's still dehumanizing them and not
treating them as individuals
i'd say that's the first thing second
thing is give yourself some time
because i i know it can be frustrating
to hear but you're young
and what i mean by time and you're young
is give yourself
some opportunity for new experience
give yourself the opportunity to change
your thinking
i'm not saying just like change your
thinking because your thinking is wrong
if it's your thinking it's your thinking
there's no reason that my thinking
should be better than your thinking
so if there's a part of you that's still
convinced that women are going to reject
you because you're [ __ ] ugly then
that's
fine you can think that
what i'm saying is that give yourself
the opportunity to change your mind
give yourself the opportunity for an
interaction
watch that thought process give you a
reason to explain
any interaction with a woman from this
day forward
you're gonna like have like you're gonna
dm a woman and then she's gonna say
something to you
and then that part of your mind that
programming that incel is gonna start
giving you reasons and answers
oh see she this is because i'm ugly it's
like dude the lady hasn't even seen you
yet
but she knows i'm ugly because i have
not i don't show my face
on voice calls it's that unfalsifiable
hypothesis kind of reasoning
you see that yeah
and then so give yourself the
opportunity to learn or have a different
kind of experience
and the last thing is you know let the
women
come if you want it they'll come in time
ganny what you should really focus on is
yourself
because right now i don't think you're a
dude that's like worth
being in a relationship with and i don't
mean that like personally to make you
feel bad i just don't think most 19 year
olds are
and give yourself like the benefit to
like grow exactly as you are doing and
actually you've made huge strides on
that
over the last couple weeks that i've
gotten to know you continue
working on yourself and then like you
know give yourself a chance to like feel
good about yourself so think about what
it is that you want to accomplish
and don't make it too high it's not
about living up to your genius iq
it's about like you know setting things
setting small goals for yourself that
you can actually set yourself to do
and try to do them start small
how do you climb a mountain ganny well i
guess one step at a time
absolutely and just because you're an iq
and have a bunch of potential
that just means you're trying to cl
mount everest instead of mount
kilimanjaro
so don't get confused because oddly
enough i think intelligence is a burden
it makes your life harder not easier
what do you think about that
yeah i know i've seen that in my life
for sure
right so one of my supervisors once told
me that
giftedness is a special need you should
treat gif
treat gifted children like special needs
children
and generally speaking we think about
special needs children as handicapped in
some way
but i don't think that that's a fair way
to put it
i think giftedness is a special need and
those kids do need to be treated
differently
they need to be challenged differently
they need to be supported differently
they oftentimes get into this issue of
like having way too much potential
because they're told
like you're a five-year-old who's told
like hey you have a bunch of potential
and then just imagine what that does to
a five-year-old psyche
how does a five-year-old live up to its
potential
yeah when you say yeah what does that
mean
i'm asking because it's a it's a lot to
expect from somebody especially at such
a young age and it's a lot to put on
their plate like a lot but what are you
even putting on their plate how do they
live up to their potential
i guess they have to live up i guess
that to be kind of a bit more patient
and not expect everything to come
immediately but how does a five-year-old
understand any of that [ __ ]
i guess the point is the five-year-old
doesn't absolutely it is impossible to
live up to your potential as a
five-year-old
because you don't even know what that
means all you know is that you have
potential you have no idea how to live
up to it
and your parents don't even know how to
move on to it but the burden gets placed
on you then
and your five-year-old little brain
doesn't know what it's supposed to be
doing
all it knows it is that it's supposed to
be doing more than everyone else
that's all a five-year-old understands
about living up to their potential
and so you were placed on an impossible
road at a very young age
and you found yourself not walking it
and so then you became insecure about
yourself
because you feel like a failure like you
haven't lived up to your potential
and then your insecurity finds something
oh looks
at least that's something we can wrap
our head around
the cosmic potential of your life is
like i don't even know
how to wrap your head around that and so
your mind finds looks
and it finds women and ah see how
insecure we are
now everything makes sense because we
have a system
we have a system to understand our
insecurity we have an explanation for
our weakness
because the world makes sense if you're
an incel
and you have a bunch of people on the
internet
telling you things and it fits
it feels good it resonates with your
experience of life
and that's the saddest [ __ ] thing
because it's actually not true
you indoctrinate yourself to believe
that you're unattractive
and like not valuable to women
and the really sad thing is that's just
not true man
you seem to be a guy who like cares a
lot about growing as a human being and i
can guarantee you that that's what makes
a good partner
i know a lot of people want to just get
laid and whatnot and chads and stacys
and plates and all that kind of good
stuff but
if you're talking about actually
building a relationship
the hard thing about a successful
relationship is that you start as two
people
and then you change because if you dart
it started dating someone tomorrow
ganymede like
in five years you would be a completely
different person and she would be a
completely different person
and then five years after that you would
change again
and so the most important thing i think
for a healthy and successful
relationship
is someone who's willing to change
not like become what your partner wants
you to become but become
what your partner needs you to be
and what you need yourself to be and so
give yourself the opportunity to do that
yeah that makes sense i guess in some
ways like if
if the opportunity presents itself to be
in a relationship and i'm not prepared
mentally that could probably
like the consequences for that could be
pretty bad too absolutely so does that
mean you should be in the relationship
not not quite i guess not incorrect
oh
why is that incorrect dude man go for it
if you have the opportunity to engage in
a relationship
yeah i guess because you still learn to
get something out of it absolutely man
right and at the end of the day like i'm
one of these old school noobs who
believes in love
and i still like i have a pretty you
know like i think i
i'm a believer in one itis i don't think
that is a bad thing
so you know i definitely do think that
people can get overly obsessed with one
human being and sometimes that can be
harmful but i don't think it's like one
itis is a class of stuff is bad
right love can definitely be like
awesome and it can also be devastating
one itis if you pick the wrong person
and you're not willing to let them go
or you should invest in people who are
willing to invest in you
and if one itis means investing i think
a lot of times what it
ends up meaning when they kind of talk
about it in a negative way is it's
essentially investing in a relationship
that's that isn't reciprocated
that i think is unhealthy but it all
depends on the person and ganny i think
if you have the opportunity for a
relationship
even if you're not ready i'd say give it
a shot
and then learn because oftentimes we're
not
we don't become ready before we do
things
i don't know how else to put that does
that make sense
not not quite what do you mean by that
so is anyone ready to be a parent
not not quite now how do you become a
competent parent
you have to parent you have to have
experience absolutely bro
so you may never be ready for a
relationship don't let that stop you man
yeah i guess that's the way to think
about it yeah
just fail magnificently you shouldn't
avoid failure just fail magnificently
just go for it man
well you're the normal part of learning
i mean if you don't fail
what are you what are you gonna do right
you're gonna lay on the ground and do
nothing which is exactly what we love to
do
that's us man now we come full circle
so i think we're done for today because
that's it
right yeah
you can blame the world and do nothing
or you can fail magnificently
but don't get don't confuse yourself
because success is not an option
take success off of your plate your two
options are to do nothing or fail
magnificently
your life will transform overnight
if you internalize this idea
do not attach yourself to the outcomes
of your actions
devote yourself to the action themselves
i guess don't go into things with a
specific expectation about what you want
out of it but just
do just do what you need to do yeah and
it's okay to want something right it's
okay to have an expectation but just
acknowledge that that's an expectation
and don't hold yourself to it
questions uh i don't have any questions
right now i can't think of anything
right off the bat so
so i have a very challenging meditation
exercise for you if you want to try it
okay sure okay can you turn your camera
back on
well i was gonna ask you to take your
mask off or at least think about taking
your mask off
and i wanted you to notice the
insecurity that arises within you
what do you think about that i can take
it off anyways
yeah but you have to do it on camera
that's the whole point
oh [ __ ] well i'm sorry about that that's
okay
so see if you can get your phone
charging
that's okay okay so this
this is what i want you to do again so
sit up straight
okay it's not the same unless you're on
camera you know what i'm saying
yeah i know i get i get what you're
trying to go for what am i trying to go
for
you're trying to get me to kind of
accept the way i look or not be so
no good god no holy [ __ ] that's hard
i'm not trying to get you to accept
anything
what i'm trying to get you to do sorry
for cutting you off
but no no no none of that none of that
feel good except yourself [ __ ]
what i want you to do is face your
overwhelming fear
yeah i guess
i'm going to see if i can find because
i'm going to see if i can
uh try a different chord and see if it
charges hold on
good look at the balls on this one to a
chat
oh god i hate all this positivity stuff
except who i am is it ugly [ __ ]
embrace your ugliness
no man it's it's it's not about that
it's not about are you still around yeah
i know i'm here but
it might take a little while to charge
okay take your time bro
chad chad is willing to wait for the big
reveal
gotta keep us in suspense for education
and entertainment purposes zone
so here's here's the idea behind the
practice
so earlier uh again i'm just going to
talk about you in the third person while
you
look for it because i don't know if
you're here or not okay okay sure go
ahead
okay so here's the thing so
ganny has a belief about himself i love
i love your phrasing by the way reel
500 iq play there it gives it oxygen
right so the interesting thing that i
want you to do today in meditation
is don't worry about like whether you're
actually ugly or not that's not the
point
the point is if i ask you to take off
the mask
the insecurity is gonna like awaken
awaken like like a slumbering dragon
and it's gonna wake up and it's gonna be
like no no no no don't do it
what i want you to do and even you can
fail at taking the mask off you can stop
yourself from doing it that's fine too
it's not really about whether you take
the mask off or not but it kinda is
it's about noticing that within yourself
there is a force that tries to control
you
right and that's the force of insecurity
and literally like think about what the
force of
insecurity is doing to you
if we think about the actual physical
action of taking a mask off it's nothing
right it's just like i can think of
another thing to do here if this
takes too long i have a laptop that has
a webcam on it it's kind of shitty but
good enough can i troll you for a second
kenny
yeah sure if you're ugly is it better to
have a shitty webcam or a good
webcam i should you i can
alright boot up your laptop bro okay
so anyway well i hope you guys
understand what i'm saying so we're
gonna see
the the feeling of insecurity so like
notice that
you know the the physical action of
taking a mask off is just you know you
just pluck out the little
strings and then it's off right it's
like five seconds
but you can't do it you can't do it it
won't let you do it
right your mind won't let you do that
thing
she was pretending he ghosted me that's
okay
if ganny ghosts us so be it isn't
security one out which is okay
remember it's not about so it's not
about saying no thank you i don't feel
comfortable doing it
if you're gonna fail do it magnificently
and leave twitch chat waiting for like
minutes while you never show up jabaited
right yeah so did you guys catch that
don't put it in the
this guy who's this guy he caught it
somebody caught it the insecurity dragon
faced itself don't put it in the
thumbnail did you guys catch that
so you guys see how it like it's so
quick
so what you guys got to do is is like
look at yourself
right not if you're ugly though okay now
we're gonna do this okay
so what i want you to do um
is so close your eyes
yanny close your eyes and sit up
straight and i want you to just notice
yourself
notice the thoughts that go through your
head
oh there we go
yep you're doing good just close your
eyes
how do you feel right now talk to me
slightly uncomfortable at all okay good
so tell me
what is the discomfort feel like
just a bit nervous a little bit anxious
okay
where do you feel that anxiety
physically in your body
uh mainly in my back and uh in my
shoulders
okay good eyes closed
okay good okay so now i want you to
think about taking the mini skull
gimme and i want you as i if i as i tell
you to think about it notice what
happens within yourself
tell me what happens
i start to get kind of nervous i think
okay where do you feel that nervousness
uh in my back mainly okay do you have
particular thoughts
um
nothing that i can pick out specifically
okay okay that's that's okay so
now so now i i want you to just notice
that like
there are going to be forces within you
that are concerned
right so you asked us before it sounds
like you're
thinking about taking your mask off so
that's fine but you mentioned don't put
it in the thumbnail
so that's a good example yeah that's
just like uh
yeah tell us about it it's an anonymity
thing mainly
okay that's fine so so by the way if you
want to stay
anonymous then you can do that
don't i don't want i don't want to
pressure you into not being anonymous
if you i feel like this is a good
example of
depriving the insecurity of oxygen and
that's why i'm asking you to do this
does that is that distinction clear
yeah no it makes sense okay do you want
to try to deprive your
insecurity of oxygen
yeah sure okay so then take the mascot
eyes closed
okay and now how do you feel
i feel a little bit exposed now okay
good what is the feeling of exposed look
feel like
uh well i feel kind of uh tense and i
don't i know it sounds weird but kind of
naked like i feel like there's nothing
to
cover my uh shame yes good
okay so now let let's just look at that
for a second can you look at it with me
again are you with me buddy did i open
my eyes no no no no
no no don't open your eyes but just
can you listen to the words that i'm
saying or does that sense of being
exposed overwhelm you
no i can listen so now let me ask you
something
why does someone okay need to
not show like when we think about
exposing exposing
involves seeing what
uh well it depends what you're exposing
right right but like when we use the
word expose we're sort of talking about
something unsavory right
that's the presumption yeah like if if i
you know if i if i go get some flowers
from outside i don't expose them in a
vase right i display them
yeah but displaying and exposing are
both
showing you with me
yeah i know i'm with you so what is it
that we expose
like it's something unsavory
yeah or something that you don't want
people don't want to see
so wait wait you don't want people to
see or people don't want to see
something that peop that i that i think
both like you don't want people to see
in something
very good right because now notice this
comes from you ganny
you don't know what people want to see
but you are afraid
that if they see it then what's going to
happen
that they're gonna judge me they're
gonna think badly poorly me like
like look down on me okay and what what
and what judgments are they gonna have
for you
uh they're they're probably gonna think
i'm ugly like that's what i think people
are gonna think
okay
so now do you feel like people are
thinking no looking
no peeking at twitch chat okay sorry do
you feel ugly
kind of yeah okay so now i want you to
focus on your breath for a second so
notice that there's a feeling of
ugliness like what the [ __ ] is that even
like ugliness is not yeah it's hard to
explain it's weird right because like we
think about ugliness as a physical
attribute correct yeah
but like it's not
it's a feeling what holds you back is a
feeling
it's not a truth does that make sense
yeah i know it makes sense okay so just
notice that feeling of ugliness lynn
like
tell me a little bit about it
uh well it's it's i mean it's obviously
a negative feeling and i feel i i don't
know i kind of feel it in my gut right
now like
i feel like i'm making a mistake i don't
know good okay good
right so this is it's it's a protective
mechanism something in your body is
warning
yeah do you see that
so now i'm going to ask you a couple
questions ganny
what has happened in the past when you
have shown
yourself to other people i was about to
say exposed but that would be weird
negative negative things to say about it
and when was the first time you felt
this way
uh the first time i felt this way was um
[Music]
i can't even remember like probably not
too long ago
we're not not not too long probably like
a little while ago
okay this feeling of being exposed
and fear of judgment
that's a feeling that's new to you
uh um
no not really okay how long is has that
feeling been familiar
for like a few years now okay
and so would it be fair to say i'm gonna
try to put words to it okay you let me
know if
i'm not trying to lead you but you let
me know if i'm right or wrong
okay are you afraid of what other people
will see you as
definitely yeah okay how long
have you been ashamed of what's inside
like what's i feel like i'm more ashamed
of what's outside than what's inside
honestly
okay how long have you been ashamed of
it
uh i think for like a few years now okay
so now i want you to pause for a second
and think about this
you've already exposed yourself
it's done you've taken your mask off
what do you think about that
i'm not sure if i'm gonna regret this
but i mean i already did it there's
nothing i can do about it now
yeah do you regret it right now
a little bit okay good tell me about
that feeling of regret
um
i don't know i just feel uh
i i feel like like like now kind of like
uh
it's like i've opened paint doors box
and i don't know what's gonna happen as
a result of me showing my face
here like right now in this moment good
do you know
so i want you to just take a snapshot of
how you feel
is there any feeling besides the
pandora's box
uh well part of me feels like at least
at least out there like at least now i
don't have to hide or
i'm not hiding to the same extent
anymore yep
so i want you to take a snapshot of how
you feel right now
do you know what we call how you feel
right now there's a word for this
emotion
can you guess what it is what is that
should we ask twitch chat or security
nope incorrect just tell me
this is what we call courage
oh really yeah how does courage feel
well when you put it like courage i feel
a little bit better like i feel like i'm
at least
making a good decision rather than a bad
one
uh it could be a bad decision right
pandora's box and all that
yeah here's the crazy yeah here's the
crazy thing about courage courage
doesn't feel good
we make it sound like a good emotion
yeah but it's not a good emotion
courage is awful what do you think about
that yeah
no it makes sense yeah
and so now i want you to try to
appreciate yourself for a moment
right that like you did it
and you decided to take a chance
and it could end up terribly
i don't i don't think it's going to
really
i don't think it is danny yeah but
facing the fear is actually the hardest
part
right it it's it's the insecurity that
holds us back from
acting that's the hard part
we're controlled by like these feelings
on the inside
ugliness is not even a thing there's no
there's no like it's not a thing
you're just i'm just talking to a guy on
stream
if we had never had this conversation
and we talked about what your favorite
video game was for an hour and a half
you would be the same exact person
twitch wouldn't know anything about you
being afraid that you were ugly
it's all coming from you man it's not
that the world judges you in a
particular way it's not that some woman
sure people can call you ugly from time
to time like that one particular woman
called you ugly
but that's because she's got her own
social justice [ __ ] that
is going on or whatever yeah
right you are what you are nothing can
change that
and the world can judge you but any kind
of judgment if you give into it is going
to be damaging
and here's the crazy thing the white
world judged you for being brilliant and
what did that do to you
it it i mean it kind of the correct word
is
[ __ ] you it [ __ ] you yeah
and that's such a but who wouldn't want
to be judged is brilliant
or beautiful all judgment [ __ ] you
that's what judgment does
big truth that buddha discovered
all judgment is bad you are what you are
ganny whether you're ugly or you're
attractive or whatever
you have no idea it's not my place to
say
what i can say is that you're courageous
what i can say is that you haven't
figured everything out yet and thank god
for that
because if you had figured everything
out then your conclusions mean that your
life would suck
all it takes is courage
courage and an open mind
and give yourself the chance to change
okay how do you feel right now
uh a little bit nervous i don't know
good
see i'm i'm telling you all these really
inspiring words
and what's happening inside you well i
feel a little bit better about it but
it's still i don't know i'm gonna need
sometimes
a few days to think about what just
happened fantastic that's what we want
you to do but what's happening inside
you see that little thing it's like an
animal
yeah i can say as much as dr k inspiring
[ __ ] as i want to that animal is still
there do you see how it has a life of
its own
yeah but that's not you man
that's it can you see that it is
separate from you
kind of yeah okay so now i want you to
try something
one last thing put the mask back on
okay i don't know if this is on straight
so that doesn't matter is that the beast
talking again
now the mask is on do you feel safe yeah
a little bit yeah okay
i feel like it's already been exposed so
it's like what can i do now
exactly but still so despite the fact
that that
what can you do now you still feel a
little bit safer now take it off again
do you feel feel re-exposed
yeah i do it's weird right but even then
like nothing has changed people have
seen your face already
it doesn't make any sense it's just this
thing inside you that has a life of its
own it's not logical it's not
true in any way shape or form does that
make sense it's just like
it like mask is on oh i feel better mask
is off again oh i feel worse again like
what the [ __ ]
you've had it off for the last five
minutes like what difference does it
make
that insecurity doesn't care it's not
logical
and it'll find whatever reasons it can
to justify its existence and convince
you otherwise
so practice not listening to it
practice courage
and then one day you'll be ready to talk
to a woman
mm-hmm thank you
any last thoughts or questions
no not that i can think what are you
feeling now
i see you smiling uh
i don't know how i feel honestly it's
i'm gonna say i have to take some time
to think about it
beautiful right so like just that's
awesome man because
what you used to feel was nervousness
and now you're saying
i'm not sure which is exactly what we
want for you dude
is to not know for certainty what your
life holds
the more you say i need to think about
it and i'm going to figure it out
the better your life is going to be
so that is the right answer
and i think we're done for today what
are you doing okay thank you
yeah i think it's this is a good place
to end it
all right man listen kenny all right i
really wish you all the best man
i i think that you know like just keep
walking with your walking
and don't let yourself you know it's
okay to be held back by your
insecurities but for only so long
and keep doing what you're doing and
don't give up on the rest of humanity
because we're not going to give up on
you
well thank you that feels better to hear
all right take care man
okay take care bye okay
gg ganymede
right oh my goodness ganny the legend
be careful chat be careful of the
expectations that you put upon ganny's
back